I enjoyed associating
with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Later, I also started to study the Bible.
I knew that I had to make
drastic changes in my life,
but my job prevented me from doing so.
So I asked myself,
‘What would I like to do with my life?’
I began studying
the Bible again with the couple
and one month later
started attending meetings regularly.
Since our parents had stopped studying,
only three of us went to the meetings.
Jehovah can do a lot with you.
Jehovah could, you know,
your whole perspective can change.
I knew if I applied what I learned,
Jehovah would not let me down.
To strengthen my relationship with Jehovah,
I read the Bible daily and I pray.
My relationship with Jehovah
has gotten stronger.
When I pray now,
it feels like I’m talking to my close Friend.
Going out in service more—
I think it really helped me
to draw closer to Jehovah
and make the Kingdom feel real to me.
And so that’s why I wanted to get baptized.
What a great pleasure it was for me
when four months later
I could dedicate myself to Jehovah
and get baptized!
That made me so happy.
Today is a very, very special day for me,
because today I’m getting baptized.
At the regional convention, August 9, 2014,
it was a beautiful day.
Now, when I think about my three children
who got baptized today,
I feel my heart is full of joy,
and I really thank Jehovah!
Yeah, it’s not a day I don’t go thank Jehovah
for taking me out of the darkness.
If we are determined to be loyal to Jehovah
and we have the courage to remain chaste,
well, we won’t have any regrets.
To know that you have a heavenly Father
that cares about you
—that was the best feeling on earth.
I often think:
‘God, is it true? Is it real?
Do I really deserve to have
all these blessings?’
All these blessings have helped me to see
that this life provides
true satisfaction and true happiness.
The important quality
that Jehovah has taught me is love.
I felt that love from my family,
from Jehovah, and from my friends.
I learned that it’s OK to love people,
and that’s what you are supposed to do.
Working closely with Jehovah,
I really feel part of his family.
When you give your faith to Jehovah,
you’re giving your life to him.
He’s permitted these things
to come upon me;
I knew that.
But he protected me.
When I meditate and think
about what Jehovah
has done for me and Lei Lei,
I don’t have to be afraid.
Jehovah is my “secure refuge,”
because life may change,
but Jehovah does not change.
Choosing to serve Jehovah
was the best decision I have made in my life.